Documentation for in-place pod resize feature (#39845)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/resize-container-resources.md

Reviewer: General feedback: use italics when introducing terms, not bold.

content_type: task
weight: 30
---

<!-- overview -->

This page shows how to resize a CPU and memory resources assigned to containers
of a running pod without restarting the pod or its containers.

Kubernetes allocates resources on a node when a pod is started, and limits its
resource use based on requests and limits specified in the pod's containers.

Container's resource **requests** and **limits** are now **mutable** for CPU
and memory resource types. They now represent **desired** CPU and memory values.

This page assumes you are familiar with Quality of Service for Pods.

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

{{< include "task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}} {{< version-check >}}

## Container Resize Policies

Resize policies allow for a more fine-grained control over how pod's containers
are resized for CPU and memory resource types. For example, the container's
application may be able to handle CPU resources resized while it continues to
run, but resizing memory limits may require that the container be restarted.

To enable this, container specification allows users to specify **resizePolicy**.
The following restart policies can be specified for resizing CPU and memory:

> * *NotRequired*: Resize the container's resources while it is running.
> * *RestartContainer*: Restart the container and apply new resources on restart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `NotRequired`: Resize the container's resources while it is running.
* `RestartContainer`: Restart the container and apply new resources on restart.
```

> If resizePolicy.restartPolicy is not specified, it defaults to *NotRequired*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `resizePolicy[*].restartPolicy` is not specified, it defaults to `NotRequired`.
```

{{< note >}}

> If the pod's restartPolicy is 'Never', container's resize restart policy must be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the pod's `restartPolicy` is `Never`, container's resize restart policy must be
```

> set to NotRequired for all containers in the pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
set to `NotRequired` for all containers in the pod.
```

{{< /note >}}

Below example shows a pod whose container's CPU can be resized without restart, but

> memory resize memory requires container to be restarted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
memory resize requires the container to be restarted.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: qos-demo
  namespace: qos-example
spec:
  containers:
  - name: qos-demo-ctr
    image: nginx
    resizePolicy:
    - resourceName: cpu
      restartPolicy: NotRequired
    - resourceName: memory
      restartPolicy: RestartContainer
    resources:
      limits:
        memory: "200Mi"
        cpu: "700m"
      requests:
        memory: "200Mi"
        cpu: "700m"
```

{{< note >}}

> In the above example, if desired resources for both CPU and memory have changed,

Reviewer 2: Please be specific when talking about "desired resources" ... Are you referring to `requests` or `limits` or both?

the container will be restarted in order to resize its memory.
{{< /note >}}

<!-- steps -->

## Create a pod with resources

> You can create a Guaranteed or Burstable QoS class pod by specifying requests

Reviewer 2: Please consider add links to Pod QoS classes.

and/or limits for a pod's containers.

> Consider the following configuration file for a pod that has one container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider the following manifest for a pod that has one container.
```

> You can create a Guaranteed or Burstable [Quality of Service](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod/) class pod by specifying requests and/or limits for a pod's containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create a Guaranteed or Burstable [Quality of Service](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod/)
class pod by specifying requests and/or limits for a pod's containers.
```

{{< codenew file="pods/qos/qos-pod.yaml" >}}

> Create the pod in qos-example namespace:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create the pod in the `qos-example` namespace:
```

```shell
kubectl create namespace qos-example
kubectl create -f https://k8s.io/examples/pods/qos/qos-pod.yaml
```

This is classified as a Guaranteed QoS class pod requesting 700m CPU and 200Mi
memory.

View detailed information about the pod:

```shell
kubectl get pod qos-demo --output=yaml --namespace=qos-example
```

> Also notice that the values of resizePolicy defaulted to RestartNotRequired,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also notice that the values of `resizePolicy[*].restartPolicy` defaulted to `NotRequired`,
```

indicating that CPU and memory can be resized while container is running.

```yaml
spec:
  containers:
    ...
    resizePolicy:
    - resourceName: cpu

>       policy: NotRequired

Reviewer 2: should this be `restartPolicy` ?

    - resourceName: memory
      policy: NotRequired
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
...
  containerStatuses:
...
    name: qos-demo-ctr
    ready: true
...
    allocatedResources:
      cpu: 700m
      memory: 200Mi
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
    restartCount: 0
    started: true
...
  qosClass: Guaranteed
```

## Updating the pod's resources

> Let's say the CPU needs have increased, and 800m CPU is now desired. This is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's say the CPU requirements have increased, and '800m' CPU is now desired. This is
```

typically determined, and may be programmatically applied, by an entity such as

> Vertical Pod Autoscaler.

Reviewer 2: Please also consider add a link to VPA.
```suggestion
VerticalPodAutoscaler.
```

{{< note >}}
While you can change a pod's requests and limits to express new desired
resources, you cannot change the QoS class in which the pod was created.
{{< /note >}}

Now, patch the pod's container with CPU requests & limits of 800m:

```shell
kubectl -n qos-example patch pod qos-demo --patch '{"spec":{"containers":[{"name":"qos-demo-ctr", "resources":{"requests":{"cpu":"800m"}, "limits":{"cpu":"800m"}}}]}}'
```

Query the pod's detailed information after the pod has been patched.

```shell
kubectl get pod qos-demo --output=yaml --namespace=qos-example
```

The pod's spec below reflects the updated CPU requests and limits.

```yaml
spec:
  containers:
    ...
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
...
  containerStatuses:
...
    allocatedResources:
      cpu: 800m
      memory: 200Mi
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
    restartCount: 0
    started: true
```

> Observe that resourcesAllocated values has been updated to reflect the new

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Observe that `allocatedResources` values has been updated to reflect the new
```

set to `NotRequired` for all Containers in the Pod.
{{< /note >}}

Below example shows a Pod whose Container's CPU can be resized without restart, but
memory resize memory requires the container to be restarted.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: qos-demo
  namespace: qos-example
spec:
  containers:
  - name: qos-demo-ctr
    image: nginx
    resizePolicy:
    - resourceName: cpu
      restartPolicy: NotRequired
    - resourceName: memory
      restartPolicy: RestartContainer
    resources:
      limits:
        memory: "200Mi"
        cpu: "700m"
      requests:
        memory: "200Mi"
        cpu: "700m"
```

{{< note >}}
In the above example, if desired requests or limits for both CPU _and_ memory
have changed, the container will be restarted in order to resize its memory.
{{< /note >}}

<!-- steps -->

## Create a pod with resources

You can create a Guaranteed or Burstable [Quality of Service](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod/)
class pod by specifying requests and/or limits for a pod's containers.

Consider the following manifest for a Pod that has one Container.

> {{< codenew file="pods/qos/qos-pod.yaml" >}}

Reviewer: Consider making a new separate example manifest.

Create the pod in the `qos-example` namespace:

```shell
kubectl create namespace qos-example
kubectl create -f https://k8s.io/examples/pods/qos/qos-pod.yaml
```

This pod is classified as a Guaranteed QoS class requesting 700m CPU and 200Mi
memory.

View detailed information about the pod:

```shell
kubectl get pod qos-demo --output=yaml --namespace=qos-example
```

Also notice that the values of `resizePolicy[*].restartPolicy` defaulted to
`NotRequired`, indicating that CPU and memory can be resized while container
is running.

```yaml
spec:
  containers:
    ...
    resizePolicy:
    - resourceName: cpu
      restartPolicy: NotRequired
    - resourceName: memory
      restartPolicy: NotRequired
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
...
  containerStatuses:
...
    name: qos-demo-ctr
    ready: true
...
    allocatedResources:
      cpu: 700m
      memory: 200Mi
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
    restartCount: 0
    started: true
...
  qosClass: Guaranteed
```

## Updating the pod's resources

> Let's say the CPU requirements have increased, and '800m' CPU is now desired. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say the CPU requirements have increased, and 0.8 CPU is now desired. This
```

```shell
kubectl get pod qos-demo --output=yaml --namespace=qos-example
```

The Pod's spec below reflects the updated CPU requests and limits.

```yaml
spec:
  containers:
    ...
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
...
  containerStatuses:
...
    allocatedResources:
      cpu: 800m
      memory: 200Mi
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
    restartCount: 0
    started: true
```

Observe that the `allocatedResources` values have been updated to reflect the new
desired CPU requests. This indicates that node was able to accommodate the
increased CPU resource needs.

In the Container's status, updated CPU resource values shows that new CPU
resources have been applied. The Container's `restartCount` remains unchanged,
indicating that container's CPU resources were resized without restarting the container.

## Clean up

Delete your namespace:

```shell
kubectl delete namespace qos-example
```

## {{% heading "whatsnext" %}}

### For application developers

> * [Assign Memory Resources to Containers and Pods](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/)

Reviewer: (please do that update in this PR)

> * [Assign Memory Resources to Containers and Pods](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/)

Author: It's done. https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/39845/files#diff-00a1455504b2b73a2bf8dc193ec656b9b2a238bd1cd56eb751743456a32be2dfL364
Or should it be something else?

---
title: Resize CPU and Memory Resources assigned to Containers
content_type: task
weight: 30
---

<!-- overview -->

This page assumes that you are familiar with [Quality of Service](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod/)
for Kubernetes Pods.

This page shows how to resize CPU and memory resources assigned to containers
of a running pod without restarting the pod or its containers. A Kubernetes node
allocates resources for a pod based on its **requests**, and limits the pod's
resource usage based on the **limits** specified in the pod's containers.

Container's resource **requests** and **limits** are now **mutable** for CPU

> and memory resources. They now represent **desired** CPU and memory values.

Reviewer 2: > They now represents desired CPU and memory values.

I don't agree to this statement. This `resources` specification has always been the **desired** state. The whole manifest for a Pod is about its **desired** state. IMO, the change introduced in 1.27 is that these `resources` (especially, CPU and memory) are **mutable without having to recreate the Pod or the container**. They used to be mutable, but you have to recreate the Pod.

Author: I see your point (and I'm looking for better way to [get the message across](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/1287-in-place-update-pod-resources#api-changes)).

The notion of Spec being **desired** state is, in theory, correct. However, in practice, since this field has been immutable for so long (recreating = terminate + create, aka 'not mutable'), there is concern that people (tools) are relying on it as an indicator of **actual** state.

Perhaps a better wording would be `They are now purely a declaration, and represent the most recently desired values for CPU and memory.` ?

Reviewer 2: Emm...

I don't think the fact that both `requests` and `limits` are used to describe the **desired** state has changed. They were and they still are about **desired** state.

They were mutable and they are still mutable today. That is not a change.

The change that really matters (to me) is that they are **mutable in-place**, combined.

Author: They are not mutable (i.e. they cannot be updated ... like the image field for e.g. which can be updated on the currently homed pod, and that triggers container restart). 
If you try to update resources with this featuregate disabled, apiserver throws a validation error. The only way you could change them is to create a new pod with new resources and evict the old one. Scheduler is involved in finding a new home for that new pod with new resources. So .. replacement yes, mutation no.

```bash
root@vbuild:~/go/src/k8s.io/kubernetes# k get pod bpod -ojson | jq .spec.containers[0].resources
{
  "limits": {
    "cpu": "500m",
    "memory": "500Mi"
  },
  "requests": {
    "cpu": "300m",
    "memory": "200Mi"
  }
}
root@vbuild:~/go/src/k8s.io/kubernetes# ./cluster/kubectl.sh patch pod bpod --patch '{"spec":{"containers":[{"name":"ctr", "resources":{"requests":{"cpu":"
350m"}}}]}}'
The Pod "bpod" is invalid: spec: Forbidden: pod updates may not change fields other than `spec.containers[*].image`,`spec.initContainers[*].image`,`spec.activeDeadlineSeconds`,`spec.tolerations` (only additions to existing tolerations),`spec.terminationGracePeriodSeconds` (allow it to be set to 1 if it was previously negative)
  core.PodSpec{
  	Volumes:        {{Name: "kube-api-access-txss6", VolumeSource: {Projected: &{Sources: {{ServiceAccountToken: &{ExpirationSeconds: 3607, Path: "token"}}, {ConfigMap: &{LocalObjectReference: {Name: "kube-root-ca.crt"}, Items: {{Key: "ca.crt", Path: "ca.crt"}}}}, {DownwardAPI: &{Items: {{Path: "namespace", FieldRef: &{APIVersion: "v1", FieldPath: "metadata.namespace"}}}}}}, DefaultMode: &420}}}},
  	InitContainers: nil,
  	Containers: []core.Container{
  		{
  			... // 6 identical fields
  			EnvFrom: nil,
  			Env:     nil,
  			Resources: core.ResourceRequirements{
  				Limits: {s"cpu": {i: {...}, s: "500m", Format: "DecimalSI"}, s"memory": {i: {...}, s: "500Mi", Format: "BinarySI"}},
  				Requests: core.ResourceList{
- 					s"cpu":    {i: resource.int64Amount{value: 300, scale: -3}, s: "300m", Format: "DecimalSI"},
+ 					s"cpu":    {i: resource.int64Amount{value: 350, scale: -3}, s: "350m", Format: "DecimalSI"},
  					s"memory": {i: {...}, Format: "BinarySI"},
  				},
  				Claims: nil,
  			},
  			ResizePolicy: nil,
  			VolumeMounts: {{Name: "kube-api-access-txss6", ReadOnly: true, MountPath: "/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount"}},
  			... // 12 identical fields
  		},
  	},
  	EphemeralContainers: nil,
  	RestartPolicy:       "OnFailure",
  	... // 28 identical fields
  }

root@vbuild:~/go/src/k8s.io/kubernetes#
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the confirmation, especially the `kubectl patch` test!!!

So ... the real change is that the `resources` is now mutable, and the mutation doesn't necessarily cause a Pod restart. Right?

Author: Yes. Restarting a container upon mutation of resources can be controlled by policy. Setting the policy to `NotRequired` does not guarantee restart-free resize. K8s may still restart if that's the only way to recover from an odd future failure (not something we do today) or the runtime does not support etc.

Author: So does the above suggested https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/39845#discussion_r1142816218 wording sound better?

Reviewer 2: I still believe 'They now represent **desired** CPU and memory values.' can be removed safely without causing confusion.

Author: SG. Took it out and reformatted to use bullet points for better clarity. thanks.

Besides the aforementioned change, a new field named `allocatedResources` was

> added to `containerStatuses` in the pod's status. This field reflects the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
added to `containerStatuses` in the Pod's status. This field reflects the
```

> resources allocated to the pod's containers by the node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
resources allocated to the pod's containers.
```

> In addition, a new field called `resources` was added to the container's status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, a new field called `resources` was added to the Container's status.
```

This field reflects the actual resource requests and limits that are configured
on the running containers as reported by the container runtime.

> Lastly, a new field named `resize` was added to the pod's status to show the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lastly, a new field named `resize` was added to the Pod's status to show the
```

status of the last requested resize. A value of `Proposed` is an acknowledgement
of the requested resize and indicates that request was validated and recorded. A
value of `InProgress` indicates that the node has accepted the resize request
and is in the process of applying the resize request to the pod's containers.
A value of `Deferred` means that the requested resize cannot be granted at this
time, and the node will keep retrying. The resize may be granted when other pods

> leave and free up node resources. A value of `InFeasible` is a signal that the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
leave and free up node resources. A value of `Infeasible` is a signal that the
```

node cannot accommodate the requested resize. This can happen if the requested
resize exceeds the maximum resources the node can ever allocate for a pod.

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

{{< include "task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}} {{< version-check >}}

## Container Resize Policies

Resize policies allow for a more fine-grained control over how pod's containers
are resized for CPU and memory resources. For example, the container's

> application may be able to handle CPU resources resized while it continues to
> run, but resizing memory may require that the container be restarted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
application may be able to handle CPU resources resized without being restarted,
but resizing memory may require that the application hence the containers be restarted.
```

> To enable this, container specification allows users to specify **resizePolicy**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable this, the Container specification allows users to specify a **resizePolicy**.
```

The following restart policies can be specified for resizing CPU and memory:
* `NotRequired`: Resize the container's resources while it is running.
* `RestartContainer`: Restart the container and apply new resources upon restart.

If `resizePolicy[*].restartPolicy` is not specified, it defaults to `NotRequired`.

{{< note >}}

> If the pod's `restartPolicy` is `Never`, container's resize restart policy must be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the Pod's `restartPolicy` is `Never`, container's resize restart policy must be
```

> set to `NotRequired` for all containers in the pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
set to `NotRequired` for all Containers in the Pod.
```

{{< /note >}}

> Below example shows a pod whose container's CPU can be resized without restart, but

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below example shows a Pod whose Container's CPU can be resized without restart, but
```

memory resize memory requires the container to be restarted.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: qos-demo
  namespace: qos-example
spec:
  containers:
  - name: qos-demo-ctr
    image: nginx
    resizePolicy:
    - resourceName: cpu
      restartPolicy: NotRequired
    - resourceName: memory
      restartPolicy: RestartContainer
    resources:
      limits:
        memory: "200Mi"
        cpu: "700m"
      requests:
        memory: "200Mi"
        cpu: "700m"
```

{{< note >}}
In the above example, if desired requests or limits for both CPU _and_ memory
have changed, the container will be restarted in order to resize its memory.
{{< /note >}}

<!-- steps -->

## Create a pod with resources

You can create a Guaranteed or Burstable [Quality of Service](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod/)
class pod by specifying requests and/or limits for a pod's containers.

> Consider the following manifest for a pod that has one container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider the following manifest for a Pod that has one Container.
```

{{< codenew file="pods/qos/qos-pod.yaml" >}}

> Create the pod in `qos-example` namespace:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create the pod in the `qos-example` namespace:
```

```shell
kubectl create namespace qos-example
kubectl create -f https://k8s.io/examples/pods/qos/qos-pod.yaml
```

> This is classified as a Guaranteed QoS class pod requesting 700m CPU and 200Mi

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This pod is classified as a Guaranteed QoS class requesting 700m CPU and 200Mi
```

```shell
kubectl get pod qos-demo --output=yaml --namespace=qos-example
```

Also notice that the values of `resizePolicy[*].restartPolicy` defaulted to
`NotRequired`, indicating that CPU and memory can be resized while container
is running.

```yaml
spec:
  containers:
    ...
    resizePolicy:
    - resourceName: cpu
      restartPolicy: NotRequired
    - resourceName: memory
      restartPolicy: NotRequired
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
...
  containerStatuses:
...
    name: qos-demo-ctr
    ready: true
...
    allocatedResources:
      cpu: 700m
      memory: 200Mi
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 700m
        memory: 200Mi
    restartCount: 0
    started: true
...
  qosClass: Guaranteed
```

## Updating the pod's resources

Let's say the CPU requirements have increased, and '800m' CPU is now desired. This
is typically determined, and may be programmatically applied, by an entity such as
[VerticalPodAutoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/vertical-pod-autoscaler#readme) (VPA).

{{< note >}}

> While you can change a pod's requests and limits to express new desired

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While you can change a Pod's requests and limits to express new desired
```

> resources, you cannot change the QoS class in which the pod was created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
resources, you cannot change the QoS class in which the Pod was created.
```

Reviewer 2: This is a weird behavior...

If a container's limits is higher than its requests, the Pod should have been (re)classified as a BestEffort Pod.
But according to the above statement, that won't happen. Please double confirm.

{{< /note >}}

> Now, patch the pod's container with CPU requests & limits of 800m:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, patch the Pod's Container with CPU requests & limits of 800m:
```

```shell
kubectl -n qos-example patch pod qos-demo --patch '{"spec":{"containers":[{"name":"qos-demo-ctr", "resources":{"requests":{"cpu":"800m"}, "limits":{"cpu":"800m"}}}]}}'
```

> Query the pod's detailed information after the pod has been patched.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Query the Pod's detailed information after the Pod has been patched.
```

```shell
kubectl get pod qos-demo --output=yaml --namespace=qos-example
```

> The pod's spec below reflects the updated CPU requests and limits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Pod's spec below reflects the updated CPU requests and limits.
```

```yaml
spec:
  containers:
    ...
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
...
  containerStatuses:
...
    allocatedResources:
      cpu: 800m
      memory: 200Mi
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 200Mi
    restartCount: 0
    started: true
```

> Observe that allocatedResources values has been updated to reflect the new

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Observe that the `allocatedResources` values have been updated to reflect the new
```

desired CPU requests. This indicates that node was able to accommodate the
increased CPU resource needs.

> In the container's status, updated CPU resource values shows that new CPU

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the Container's status, updated CPU resource values shows that new CPU
```

> resources have been applied. The container's restart count remains unchanged,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
resources have been applied. The Container's `restartCount` remains unchanged,
```

> indicating that container's CPU resources were resized without restarting it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
indicating that container's CPU resources were resized without restarting the container.
```

## Clean up

Delete your namespace:

```shell
kubectl delete namespace qos-example
```

## {{% heading "whatsnext" %}}

> ### For app developers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### For application developers
```

---
title: Resize CPU and Memory Resources assigned to Containers
content_type: task
weight: 30
min-kubernetes-server-version: 1.27
---

<!-- overview -->

{{< feature-state state="alpha" for_k8s_version="v1.27" >}}

This page assumes that you are familiar with [Quality of Service](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod/)
for Kubernetes Pods.

This page shows how to resize CPU and memory resources assigned to containers
of a running pod without restarting the pod or its containers. A Kubernetes node
allocates resources for a pod based on its **requests**, and limits the pod's
resource usage based on the **limits** specified in the pod's containers.

The following changes enable in-place resize of container resources:

> - Container's resource **requests** and **limits** are now **mutable** for CPU
> and memory resources.

Reviewer 2: Not a strong opinion, but I'd like to format bulletin items by having the following lines indented. For example:

```suggestion
- Container's resource **requests** and **limits** are now **mutable** for CPU
  and memory resources.
```

Author: fixed
